Added sort feature lists (#383)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/map-interaction.en.md

- *Reload data* to get the current data of a layer with remote sources.
- *Show feature list* to show all the layer's features in the identification list.

> If you'd like to organize the feature list on the map canvas or in the 'Show feature list' in QField, you have the following options:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sort layer features

If you'd like to configure the order of features in 'Show feature list' in QField, you have the following options:

```

This needs a header block.

What do you mean by "organize the feature list on the map canvas"?

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

Author: My bad, you are right is only in the Show feature list of the layes.

- *Reload data* to get the current data of a layer with remote sources.
- *Show feature list* to show all the layer's features in the identification list.

> ## Sort layer features
> 
> If you'd like to configure the order of features in 'Show feature list' in QField, you have the following options to preconfigure this on QGIS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sort layer features
:material-monitor: Desktop preparation

If you'd like to configure the order of features in 'Show feature list' in QField, you have the following options to preconfigure this on QGIS:
```

We can add something like this, I think it is nice hint that you cannot change it on QField.

https://github.com/opengisch/QField-docs/blob/master/documentation/how-to/pictures.en.md?plain=1#L20
